Add requirement to use X-Ray propagation for aws-sdk client calls (#3212)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#3209](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/3209))
- Add Connect RPC specific conventions
  ([#3116](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/3116))

> - Add requirement to use X-Ray propagation for aws-sdk client calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add requirement to use X-Ray propagation as default for aws-sdk client calls.
```

Reviewer 2: Should say that it is a default separate from the global propagator. So you should be able to override it as a user but simply saying "default" sounds the same as using the global.

  ([#3298](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/3298))
- Rename `net.app.protocol.(name|version)` to `net.protocol.(name|version)`
  ([#3272](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/3272))

> - Add requirement to use X-Ray propagation as default for aws-sdk client calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add recommendation to use service-supported propagation formats as default for AWS SDK client calls.
```
